# Hey man!!

How are you doing! I mean this **really** is after a long break that I have worked on. Since last *feb* I guess, I pushed something on the GitHub and made something on it, after it - I was like noting the stuff in the notebook `by hand`... You might have spotted the **unusual** usage of *bold*, **italic**, `both together`, ***back quotes*** because I love to put them in here.

Now, coming to another point that I want to make is that... I've developed a new hobby in the meantime. Which is... which is... you guessed it incorectly! **Speed writing!!**

Hah, for that I have purchased 2 keyboards and now I am good with the second one with which I am currently typing. My current typing speed is *(average)*: 60 WPM. Sounds slow and it is. The highest is `~95ish` on the monkey type. And because of that I got to learn a **new shortcut** which is AMAZING. It is to erase whole word: `Ctrl + backspace`. Pretty old school? I didn't know it really!

Anyways, in the meantime I learnt many stuff, and currently I am working for EM company in Ahmedabad. *(full form needed?)*. So there are many things to learn about their technologies so, couln't get time to learn **my** stuff.

### What have learnt till the time?
Sou, I learnt *(as far as I remember)*:
- Hypothesis testing
- Linear regression course
- Spark with Java
- Java

**New algorithms:**
- Gaussin mixture models
- Gradient boosting classifier

I think that's enough for now... and currently I have started learnig this **Time series**. This course is... well I will leave this ***about*** thing for the README file. He-is-only "me talk".

I think that's it for my current situation. This is gonna be an exciting journey with the ***time!!***.  <br>
Let's get started!!

**Aayush** ∞ **Shah**
(Note made on: 31st May, 2022)